oh hi just having a good time here
checking out the comments section on
mlssoccer.com again the whole you doing
my job for me last week we're pretty
well so here's some more patroller
there's a troll in there but remember
it's in the good sense of the word the
comments section are a virtual who's who
of soccer recognize the name eric
wynalda he's keeping it real these days
on fox soccer he's back on twitter and
he's commenting on mlssoccer.com
apparently he's playing fantasy too you
know what my favorite type of comments
are the ones that just come out of the
blue like this one from potty con not
Chaka Khan potty con which appears on
numerous articles is mayonnaise an
instrument no Patrick mayonnaise is not
an instrument horseradish is not an
instrument either we also had a feature
on an xml s sir jonathan bornstein who
plays a cadet that o in mexico and the
peace floored one coral me look never
thought i would read an article talking
about bornstein and Ronaldinho in the
same breath yeah they play on the same
team so Ventura Alvarado an American who
plays with club america and mexico has
been in the news mexico's national team
coach says he's not interested in them
but some others are including club
America's president and our headline
read America president hints at desire
to see Alvarado play for El tree but
that was clearly a misleading short head
and I want to personally apologize to
Douglas stone who wrote i clicked here
expecting to hear obama comments it's
not America it's America news this week
that former FC Dallas youth keeper Josh
Lambo is trying to carve out an NFL
career and Ted f was inspired he needs
to be signed by Green Bay so he can play
their field Lambeau Field Oh Josh Lambo
on Lambeau Field I I get it okay
did you happen to watch todavia Sergio
Aguero crossbar challenge where two got
lucky and wanted but sporting tremendous
had a brilliant idea hit the woodwork
challenge via should have had one of the
X RSL players stand in for him I predict
they would have hit a 10 out of 10 that
would have been an excellent shot by mr.
or mrs. tremezzo justice but we did the
numbers insult like we're actually dead
last and hitting the woodwork in 2014 I
think you're really meant Toronto FC our
commenters they're usually on top of
their stuff case in point Eugene
Stiliyan opolis we had a Dane Richards
article he's trialing with the Red Bulls
trying to get back into mls in Eugene
astutely points out he's listed as five
foot seven but I remember him being
listed as five foot five when he first
entered an LS did he grow two inches
during his MLS term or did they just pad
up his height he looks really small I
mean messy and Aguero are short guys but
they look bigger than dane richards we
got to get to the bottom of this this is
unacceptable if they think they're gonna
pull that kind of stuff on us get on
that front oh here's something we really
need to figure out right now Dom Dwyer
and his Kansas City teammates they were
involved in some ding-dong-ditch well
Alex Walker never heard that term before
hahahaha I never heard of ding dong
ditch in Canada I'm pretty sure we call
it Nikki Nikki nine doors talam m steps
in them LOL I'm Canadian never heard
that one always been ding dong ditch so
in Canada is it ding dong ditch or is it
Nikki Nikki nine doors we need to
resolve this comment section otherwise
this video is an absolute total waste of
time we had an excellent feature on
Vancouver coach Carl Robinson one of
many great features on the site this
week by the way but one specific section
of the comments devolved into this so
what will it be this year robo another
exciting installment of the canadian
national diving team or a new version
the dirt caps paul johnson you're making
bleep up they don't have either
reputation sorry pal it's fernandes
still with the caps wonder why not maybe
he'd of too much a clear reference to
what happened important in a while back
Richard oh those wrapped it all up yes
Nathan Miller all that diving activated
a closet Fernandez's loan contract that
forced them back to Uruguay you
the puzzle of a most loan contract
Nathan congratulations have a cookie
let's all have cookies shall we what a
seamless transition to the California
Doughboy stuff California Doughboy
that's a character that's the creation
of one of these prolific comments or
zone mlssoccer.com who goes by the name
the kid and you see the kid is not
exactly a landed on one time in the last
episode of patroller he called donovan a
quote soft lazy california dough board
not once not twice 43 times i expect
more from someone who goes by the kid
but the commenters they they put them in
line one of them lee holworth was most
eloquent in saying when my parakeet
keeps saying the same thing over and
over we just put a blanket over the cage
boom but the comment of the week it has
to go to robert pratt quote here's my
get Simon board to mention my comment
comment Simon Borg is the kindest
bravest enormous most wonderful human
being I've ever known in my life get
that garbage off this show Robert Pratt
do you know anything about this site can
you do a little research before you go
off commenting and mouthing off on it
get out of here with that stuff for our
editor will wall so i'm simon borg